Add DHCP discovery to incomfort integration (#37046)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/incomfort.markdown

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

> The hub does not have to be in the same network as HA, but must be reachable via port 80/HTTP. If the gateway is configured via DHCP, Home Assistant might be able to discovery it automatically. Once discovered, the host IP-address will be updated automatically when the dynamically assigned IP-address changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The hub does not have to be in the same network as Home Assistant, but the hub must be reachable via port 80/HTTP. If the gateway is configured via DHCP, Home Assistant might be able to discover it automatically. Once discovered, the host IP address will be updated automatically when the dynamically assigned IP address changes.
```
